docs: add multi pipeline and buildspec (#3423)
aws/copilot-cli: site/content/docs/concepts/pipelines.en.md

Using an automated release tool like CodePipeline helps make your release manageable. Even if your release isn't particularly complicated, knowing that you can just `git push` to deploy your change always feels a little magical 🌈.

## Pipeline Structure

Copilot can set up a CodePipeline for you with a few commands - but before we jump into that, let's talk a little bit about the structure of the pipeline we'll be generating. Our pipeline will have the following basic structure:

1. __Source Stage__ - when you push to a configured GitHub, Bitbucket, or CodeCommit repository branch, a new pipeline execution is triggered.

> 2. __Build Stage__ - after your source code is pulled from your repository host, your service's container image is built and published to every environment's ECR repository and any environment files are uploaded to S3.

Reviewer: Does `"environment files"` here refers to addon templates and the [environment variable files](https://aws.github.io/copilot-cli/docs/manifest/lb-web-service/#env_file)? What do you think about saying something like `"...and any artifacts, such as your addon templates and your environment variable files..."`

## Setting Up a Pipeline, Step By Step

### Step 1: Configuring Your Pipeline

Pipeline configurations are created at a workspace level. If your workspace has a single service, then your pipeline will be triggered only for that service. However, if you have multiple services in a workspace, then the pipeline will build all the services in the workspace. To start setting up a pipeline, `cd` into your app's workspace and run:

 `copilot pipeline init`

This won't create your pipeline, but it will create some local files under `copilot/pipelines` that will be used when creating your pipeline.

* __Pipeline name__: We suggest naming your pipeline `[repository name]-[branch name]` (press 'Enter' when asked, to accept the default name). This will distinguish it from your other pipelines, should you create multiple, and works well if you follow a pipeline-per-branch workflow.

* __Release order__: You'll be prompted for environments you want to deploy to – select them based on the order you want them to be deployed in your pipeline (deployments happen one environment at a time). You may, for example, want to deploy to your `test` environment first, and then your `prod` environment.

> !!! Attention

Author: Maybe we should add a validation for this? Of course, envs can be added/deleted via the manifest after this step, but at least we could prevent some cases of it happening.
Opened an issue: #3424.

Reviewer 2: > Do not create pipelines that follow the same branch and deploy to the same environment(s), as that will lead to a CloudFormation stack collision.

Why? from my understanding as long as they don't have the same pipeline name within the same app there won't be CFN stack naming collision 🤔

Author: It's not a name collision, it's a deployment collision with stack update....

Author: Didn't you have this issue when you were trying it out during the bug bash? WX was reporting your experience, then I had a similar one...?

Reviewer 2: Oh yeah I see what you mean.

Reviewer: From my understanding, if two CodePipeline are trying to update the same stack, say `app-test-svc`, this is what will happen:
1. Pipeline 1 gets to update `app-test-svc`
2. Pipeline 2 tries to update `app-test-svc` and then receives an error that says the stack is being updated
3. Pipeline 2 keeps retrying and retrying and retr...
4. Pipeline finishes the update
5. Pipeline 2, having kept retrying, finally has its chance

So theoretically it shouldn't be an issue is my understanding 🤔 I feel like what happened to PH's was a very weird edge case because some manual operations were involved. I don't know about what you saw though! Maybe we can talk offline about your experience.

Author: I don't think Pipeline 2 will keep retrying; I believe it will fail and then the user has to manually 'Retry' via the console. We could make this a warning that that will happen rather than telling people not to do it if we think there is utility in being able to do this, even with the hiccup.

Reviewer: I also tried the same thing and my observation was that an "UPDATE" by Pipeline 2 was triggered on `app-test-svc` immediately after the first update was finished, even though both pipelines are triggered at the same time 🤔

Author: Discussed offline. Removing warning for now.

    Do not create pipelines that follow the same branch and deploy to the same environment(s), as that will lead to a CloudFormation stack collision.

* __Tracking repository__: After you've selected the environments you want to deploy to, you'll be prompted to select which repository you want your CodePipeline to track. This is the repository that, when pushed to, will trigger a pipeline execution. (If the repository you're interested in doesn't show up, you can pass it in using the `--url` flag.)

* __Tracking branch__: After you've selected the repository, Copilot will designate your current local branch as the branch your pipeline will follow. This can be changed in Step 2.

### Step 2: Updating the Pipeline Manifest (optional)

Just like your service has a simple manifest file, so does your pipeline. After you run `pipeline init`, two files are created: `manifest.yml` and `buildspec.yml`, both in a new `copilot/pipelines/[your pipeline name]` directory. If you poke in, you'll see that the `manifest.yml` looks something like this (for a service called "api-frontend" with two environments, "test" and "prod"):

```yaml

> # The manifest for the "pipeline-ecs-kudos-kohidave-demo-api-frontend" pipeline.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
# The manifest for the "demo-api-frontend-main" pipeline.
```
